for me
first time I see a rich man with
problems I have problems I do not know in what
spend my money
it is very painful only to cleotis of
love that happens I have to tell you something
a tragedy that happens clotilde by
please have me you have me on embers
our ours then have a problem
very big god of mine came out of the closet
I simply that the computer that you
purchases that you bought him have
problems that the mouse does not work
move the cursor
but duty to help I can believe that the
mouse does not move the cursor 9 captain zhan
recorcholis pump
my god but when this old lady is
normal is normal that you know we have
come an agreement that the
appliance we changed it weekly a
month that computer has too much
time is not that you think we can
do because he really is very
We worried we will do will
buy the mac again as I do for
the computer completes with the mouse and
we are going to buy the furniture also from
more complete everything we are going to change
the hardware and software that allows
truth call me forgiveness moment and all
a friend of mine called me who knows about his
so that he can guide me as you also how
you feel if you look bill gates yo
I need you to talk to me
If I need you to talk to people
more because the magicians of my computer do not
It's working but I do not like it
discuss with people a block factory
I talk to you about the software
so that all the like of the hardware and I
I told them that they send me a computer
new with all the real estate mouse not a thousand
no no that bad word do not tell you no
well it is not for you to get upset
so much leave me that lawsuit to me I am
silly and annoying only convinces him
it's fine and there are no problems x I saw it
He said he's going to say this but he does not
worry about that computer well in the
act
I will talk to him but I can do
do not
no no no no I 'm coming with that I gave you
150 pesos for today we have
covered the food to make and the
breakfast do not come to me I fajé 150 fat
for a week that like the good man
I do not know what dance the q since you what
taguas you want to make regulations
valid in my hard work that
it got inside me three mission I had
to be a bird first
of strangers has called carefully
watch out
being
but not with a number one is not greater
between we have three did not get to that put
silicone
look but that your pass with those who
us you guys that those
seven boys you're going to good seven
boys
giving them
good the local program that is now
also a task of teachers by
what one puts on the machine is
putting tasks on the boys
is going around
then first thing
of the solar planet now solar system
then what is happening in the system
of the solar system at least of the planet
and what does a computer have to look for?
computer
but it's in a device where I eat
a television that we have as a
razor in front of the bench
homework
and work your work no longer have to
look for more than we know them
compliments
cappa deserves this strong that I
a trash can fall
I come and look at the people
it gets complicated
that has its technique look at how the
advantage sometimes perfect perfect gives me
the child a child have to grab look
the tube window is wherever
It is the newspaper that is removed
they put the cifa and they plant in the
This little telescope
directly to the flight home and for
the big hole that gives directly to the
head where are the neighbors that
they just bought many computers
they live chatting and looking for pods and
so they feel that way with the
pet in hand when they see the system
only the couple copy it from there and not
we have buy the computer and have
to be quick that right now I have to
throw me